Soda, pop, soft drink, cola, seltzer -- these are all different names for the same drink that many people enjoy today. Whatever you call it, fizzy water has a unique history! What makes soda water unique is the carbonation. The carbonation comes from carbon dioxide. You may have heard of carbon dioxide before in science class. It is the chemical that people exhale when breathing. It is also the chemical that plants use as food. Companies add carbon dioxide to water through extreme pressure to make soda or seltzer water. But now you can make fizzy water at home, too. Hundreds of years ago, soda water was sold at pharmacies as a remedy. People believed that this fizzy water would solve all types of health problems. Pharmacists would mix the bubbly water with other drugs and flavors for their patients. We now know that soda water has no real health benefits. 
Although there is no real benefit from soda water, people grew to love the feel of the bubbles on their tongue. Now, soda water is popular around the world for non-medical reasons. Soda water is the same regardless of how it is used, but there are many different flavors that you can add to soda water. Originally, pharmacists would add flavors like lime, cherry, or even coffee to soda water. One of the first best selling flavors of soda was Dr. Pepper. Another early flavor was Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola was originally promoted to have health benefits that would restore strength. We now know that these claims are false. 
Companies aren't allowed to make false claims like this anymore. (Sometimes they still make false claims and can be sued.) Another problem with flavored sodas is that they contain a lot of sugar, which can lead to other health problems. Because of the health issues associated with too much sugar, cola companies started making diet versions of their soda. The first diet soda was a sugar-free ginger ale. Other diet sodas quickly came to market. Diet sodas have increased in popularity ever since. Today, however, many people are trying to choose healthier drinks such as tea, unflavored soda water, or even just plain water.